OK, so when you're ready, just
describe what you see in the
scene and what is happening.
#START_picture_this OK, it looks
like there are several
individual pictures within this
one picture.
There are many kind of layered
on top of each other, scattered
about.
Disorganized.
There are pictures of individual
animals and creatures such as
like a camel face I see a
dragon.
And there also are human faces.
There are human figures. A man
walking it looks like in scuba
deer scuba gear carrying an
umbrella. And a man standing
underneath a palm tree with
coconuts kind of falling on
another gentleman there.
That's in the center.
And there's a.
Cactus that seems to be running
in one of the photos there's a
hippo.
It looks like kind of two men
and Knights armor there's.
A plane and several different.
Figures.
And most of the pictures have
one or two individuals in each
one.
And there are some that are
doing activities. Like in one
scene there's a bear, it looks
like it's feeding something to a
man and.
There's one picture with.
A man laying down and another
stepping on him with like a pile
of wood maybe.
Umm.
There's a picture with a person
wearing multiple hats layered on
top of their head and also
holding a couple. There's a
jester in one of the individual
pictures.
And there's a.
Man, that's kind of leaning over
to.
Bars and one of the picture kind
of looks like leaning over
railing.
Umm.
There's a hand in one of the
pictures.
There are what looks like two
kind of sumo wrestlers.
There are two Cavemen.
But all of
these pictures are kind of again
disorganized, strewn about, and
kind of layered on top of each
other. No organization. #END_picture_this
OK, perfect. The next one is
also a complex scene.
You know, share my screen in
one second. Just let me make
sure it's the right one.
Oh, there we go.
OK, now I'm gonna share my
screen. OK, there we go. Do you
see my screen? OK, perfect. So
same thing. This is also a
complex scene. OK?
#START_ancient_rome this looks
like the old games and like the
Colosseum. So you see the back
wall of the Colosseum on the
upper portion of the picture.
There are what looks like
observers around, so there's
like the the crowd of people
watching and then in the middle
in the ring, there are several
things going on. So you see kind
of like the.
The trojan horses, it looks
like, are the the horses with
the riding carriage on the back.
The upper wall has lions going
from kind of that ring, crawling
into the stands with the crowds,
and also looks like there's a
band in the stands in the right
upper right hand side of the
picture. Or soldiers maybe, I
can't tell.
Maybe like the Trojan sword, the
Roman soldiers.
There are several people in the
ring, lions running around and
so some of the people are
holding.
You know, something to fight
with. They have like the
Shields, swords, and several,
several people are trying to run
out of the way of these horses
and the lions in the ring.
I also see it looks like maybe
cheetahs that are in the ring. A
couple other large cats besides
the lions.
Umm.
People kind of fighting all over
and trying to get away from the
animals. In that ring. There's
even a man kind of being dragged
with his hands. You can see as
he was like being dragged by his
feet and trying to grasp
something in the ground.
And.
There's a lion on top of a man.
There's one of the kind of
carriages has.
Detached from the horses,
there's a man trying to rein in
the horses.
But there's four. It looks like
4 four groups of those.
There's one horse that's riding
on the carriage while being
pulled by Foreman.
And then you
can see a lot of hitting and
action going on in the middle of
the ring as well. #END_ancient_rome
OK, perfect. Let me see.
Well, we have next.
About today's.
Or.
OK.
Next we have another complex
scene.
OK.
#START_campsite All right, this
scene appears to be kind of like
a campsite with like a a stream
or river that runs between two
sides. So the side on the top of
the page, it looks to be like
RV's. There are different like
campers, and one has a red and
white striped awning that's
pulled out.
Umm.
There are like kind of shrubs or
bushes around a walkway between.
So there's the bushes are
between the camping area with
the RV campers and a walkway
that goes next to the river.
And it looks like there might be
a Boy Scout troop towards the
right side of that screen down
below.
The stream there seems to be
tent campers, so there are
multiple tents, different
colors, green, red, blue,
yellow, brown. Different campers
there. Some are setting up camp,
others are playing music.
There are some that appear to be
kind of just gathered around.
There is a bridge between that's
going over the the stream.
People are walking on that to
the left hand side of the tent
camp, and they're also like kind
of a dividing line of shrubs and
then a sidewalk or walkway.
With people walking back and
forth to the left of that, there
is a section that has it looks
like a bowl and a donkey and
with a couple people in there.
And then further to the left,
there's another sidewalk, and it
looks like a building of some
sort that's cut off.
Over to back up to the like RV
campers, there's one on the top
right that seems to be smoking
or something coming out of it
and and then people also walking
on a sidewalk that's just above
that camping area with the RV's.
And in the background there's
kind of like rolling hills with
trees and shrubs and you can see
the green grass.
And.
And then all of
the camping areas have green
grass that it's on several
people on the sidewalks, on the
walkways and also in the camping
areas. #END_campsite
OK. Thank you.
OK, we have another complex
scene.
OK. Yeah.
OK. Can you see my screen? Yeah.
When you're ready, you could
begin. #START_wild_west All
right. And so this scene looks
to be a very crowded scene,
maybe like a Western. So there
are saloon fronts, hotel in
jail.
And.
Bank looks like a stable.
So kind of all of these little
buildings, you know, next to
each other.
No real space in between.
Umm.
It looks like a a set, so
there's like open space inside
and above all of the buildings.
There are people.
In each of the buildings, kind
of hanging out on the balconies,
up and down the stairs to the
far right, it looks like a train
that is kind of, you know,
billowing smoke.
All of the.
Kind of storefronts or saloon
fronts are different colors, so
blue, red, green, yellow.
There are horses in the stable
area.
It looks like to the right of
the stable there's a crowd of
people and a scene kind of
painted of the sun setting, and
they seem to be waving to a man
on the horse.
To the left of that, as a saloon
that has a band and kind of on
the upper balcony, there are
people inside.
There is another saloon below
that with people on the balcony
as well. There are people kind
of climbing from the ground
level to the second level and
then up on the roof of the bank
that is against the saloon. It
seems they're painting the side
of that building, the brick, and
they're painting from yellow to
red.
And on the other corner is a
saloon as well.
At the bottom of the page it
looks like.
Like cut outs of Buffalo that
are kind of lined up down the
street.
So there are people just
everywhere. There's a jail with
bars and a wanted poster.
And then?
Another like hotel and saloon in
that row.
And people on the 1st and second
floors of the that.
And then towards
the back there's a few it looks
like covered wagons as well. #END_wild_west
Sounds good. Thank you.
OK, we have another complex
scene.
Oh wait, I have to like.
Sometimes when I share it.
If I want to try to make it
bigger, I have to like make it
bigger first as well, yeah?
There we go.
Do you see it OK?
#START_make_a_splash This is a
water park. It looks like the
main kind of center of the
picture is a pool. It's very
crowded. A lot of people in
there.
Umm.
It seems like they're kind of
stepping stones or like floating
things to to walk on.
In the pool there's several
people just swimming and some
that have floats that they're
in.
To the left of that, there are
three water slides. That kind
of.
Loop around, there's green,
yellow and red and they all go
into that main pool.
There are several people on the
water slides at once and then
kind of above and to the left
there people in line waiting to
go down the slides.
Towards the bottom of the
screen, it kind of looks like
the Kitty area. There's a big
pink elephant spraying water and
it looks like a lazy river sort
of thing. So everyone is on a
yellow float going down this
lazy river. There's a bridge
that connects kind of a walkway
to the left side of the Lazy
river over it and to the right,
and that has a walkway that kind
of leads to that main pool.
Umm.
On the right side of the main
pool, it looks like two large
balls that are green, one green,
one red with white spots on
them, and then a floating snake.
It looks like that people are
kind of climbing on. There also
is a set of kind of wavy
straight slides that go into the
main pool.
So it looks like six of those
all connected red, orange,
yellow, green, blue and purple,
and people going down those
slides as well into the main
pool.
On the upper side of the main
pole there's like a dragon um
that's belly is curled up and
then its head is out of the
water and it looks like it's
kind of blowing water out of
there. Above that is a pirate
ship and that people are all on
the ship, and there's one large
wide yellow slide that goes into
the main pool. The ship is also
spraying water out to the main
pool.
And then the
Lazy River is kind of a it wraps
around the pirate ship,
underneath the the slides that
are covered and loop and then
back to the bottom of the
picture where the bridge is. #END_make_a_splash
OK, perfect.
Let me stop sharing that one
and pull up the next one.
OK, Next is a short story.
So like before, like last week
when you do the short story when
you're done with a slide. Let me
know if you'd like me to flip
it.
OK, this one is 3 slides long.
And I will.
Share my screen.
OK.
#START_arrival_2 All right, so
this appears to be a man that is
on a ship boat of some kind.
There are.
Flying birds above the boat.
They're little scenes of the man
writing something in a journal.
He takes it, he rips the page,
and he makes a little like bird
origami figure.
And then he's looking up in the
sky, presumably at all these
flying.
Birds that kind of have long
tails and big wings. They're
white
And so now the scene of the
boat. It looks like there are
pulling into a Bay. There are
large statues with.
Two men kind of shaking hands.
One has.
And maybe it looks like a.
Kind of rabbit. Rabbit rodent
type of figure and the other has
a a bird on him and it looks
like they are arriving at the
destination in the bay
somewhere.
And so now it
looks like the ship has arrived
and the people are getting off
and you know it's a crowded
situation, so they're very
slowly getting off the ship. The
man has his suitcases luggage
and they are walking away.
That's it. #END_arrival_2
Oh my. I'm sorry, I can't hear
you. Is it?
This is another short story and
it's 20 slides, same thing as
before. When you would like me
to move on, I'll click and move
on, OK?
#START_journey Right. There's a
little girl sitting outside her
apartment.
Everything is kind of Gray with
this one little scooter is is
red.
And she's sitting on the corner
by herself, kind of on the
stoop, and it looks like she is
pretty lonely as she slumped
over. Maybe she's sad or
reflecting on something. And it
looks like her mom is inside in
the kitchen, her dad is upstairs
in his office working, and her
sibling is upstairs, like on on
the couch by themselves across
from her. It looks like there is
a group of kids kind of playing,
but but she's all alone.
She has this scooter inside and
the kitchen, her moms on the
phone, not paying any attention
to her. She kind of goes in to
see her dad, who's working on
his computer, and he's also not
paying attention to her. She has
a red kite and then she also
goes to see her siblings on the
couch and she's leaning over.
And her sister also wasn't
paying any attention to her. She
has a red balloon, and so she
goes to her room and sits in her
room.
By herself
Even the cat is kind of curled
up in the corner and not with
her at all.
Then she.
Finds a red.
Marker on the floor in her
bedroom and she draws on the
wall a doorway and it looks like
that doorway.
She draws a door, and then that
door opens and leads somewhere
else, and so she leaves her
room.
that doorway has opened
up into a magical forest, and
there are several trees with
lanterns and lights on, strings
dangling.
And a little stream that.
That goes through the forest.
The little girl finds a dock
In the stream and she still has
her red marker and so she leans
over and draws a red boat and
she gets in the boat.
She takes this boat up the
stream and she comes upon a huge
castle with several golden domes
and.
It looks like she's going
towards kind of the Moat that
goes around the castle.
So it looks like she's riding
through on this boat and all of
these waterways that go.
Through the outside of the
castle, there are a few.
It looks like guards that she
encounters.
And kind of different.
Almost like a traffic pattern
with.
With this water system next.
And so she comes to the edge of
The kind of.
Stream that she's in and and she
falls out of the boat because
it's a big waterfall. So with
her red marker she is drawing
something else as she falls down
next.
She's drawn a big red hot air
balloon and so now she's taking
off in the sky in her balloon
and you can see that she's above
and the castle.
And she's flying next to this
other space craft that looks
like a couple blimps.
And, you know, high amongst
looks like there's a bird with
her next.
So now you can see into these
other.
Blimp kind of shifts, and one of
the men on that is trying to
catch this purple bird.
And the girl is just watching
this
She comes upon a large air
vessel.
Umm.
Then it.
It doesn't seem that there are
many people on it, but there are
a couple on the deck outside
So she lands her hot air balloon
on this large vessel and she
starts to explore. And she found
finds that there is a golden
kind of.
Platform that she climbs up and
there are two soldiers that are
standing guard and this purple
bird is in a golden cage.
She takes the cage with the bird
and the soldiers are surprised
they're going to chase after
her, but she runs to the back of
this vessel and she releases the
bird and she freezes it so that
it can fly away.
Now the guards capture her.
And they take her red marker and
they throw it overboard and now
they place her in a cage and
she's dangling at the back of
this.
This air vessel, she's in this
cage, dangling
So this purple bird has.
Collected her red marker when it
was thrown overboard and the
bird brings it to the girl and
so now the girl can draw with
the red marker and she has this
bird that has befriended her and
is by her side.
It looks like she has drawn a
magic flying carpet and so now
she and the bird are flying.
Over.
The town.
They continue to fly at night
over.
Over the town and all the stars
are out and they're just
enjoying this freedom that they
have next.
Now she lands.
The carpets and she's found a
little door inside a palm tree
and the bird has led her here
and it's purple just like the
bird. So she is able to open the
door and the bird goes through
and then she's going to go
explore.
She comes out and she exits what
is a mailbox back in her
hometown, and the bird leads her
to this boy that has a purple
marker. And so.
The girl and the boy are drawing
in red and purple and the bird.
Looks like knows the boy and his
friends with him.
So together they
have drawn a tandem bike and now
they are gonna ride bikes
together and be friends next. #END_journey
Yes, perfect. Thank you. Let's
see what?
I have next. I'm going to turn
my light on to you. I'm sorry. I
got really good.
Arrival 6.
Sports.
OK, so this one's also a short
story and this 16 slides and I'm
going to share my screen.
OK.
#START_arrival_6 it looks like
there is a pot.
And a gentleman has.
Written a letter and he's paying
to have it sent.
He puts a stamp on it and he
also folds up.
The the letter is folded as
origami inside the envelope.
And then he he includes the
stamp on that, and it looks like
he's taking it to be mailed. And
in the process he sees a woman
on the street and she's
directing him and.
He's kind of looking at this
machine and dropping the letter
in next.
So this little leaf grows.
And becomes.
a flower.
And you see it go through all of
the seasons. And so it starts
out in the spring and the rain
and then it is suddenly in.
The snow and the cold.
There is a scene of city.
That looks like everything is
covered in snow and it looks
very cold and and not many
people out, but you can see the
kind of steam rising from all of
the like smokestacks.
So this man is in his home, he's
sitting in bed and he's looking
at a picture.
And reminiscing, his little
creature friend is at his side
and suddenly runs down the
ladder. The man follows him and
finds that he has received a
letter.
And so he opens the letter and
reads it, and this makes him
very happy and he looks out.
And looks out of the window.
So you see an origami.
Figure in the shape of his
creature friend there is.
What looks to be like a
fireplace, a smoke, some sort of
heat source. There's a hat and a
coat hanging on a a rack on a
wall. There also is.
a dish prepared, it looks like
it kind of has squid in it in
the bowl and there's a hand
drawn picture of like flying
craft.
There is what appears to be
maybe a.
petal of some sort and a cup of
tea and the family portrait of
this man, his wife and his
daughter. And then the man is
giving a coin to a young child
and it looks like his daughter's
hand.
This family is eating together.
At the table.
And the creature is there, and
they all seem very happy.
kinda sharing a
meal and smiling and telling
stories. And then the little
girl gets her boots and hat on,
and she and the creature go
outside and go exploring, and
she's running down the steps and
through the town and she finds
this little glowing light. #END_arrival_6
Next.
OK, let me see what's next
11-1. OK, NEXT is another short
story.
This one is 20 slides.
And I'm going to share my screen
now.
OK, can you see my screen? OK,
perfect.
#START_quest The little girl and
little boy and have been riding
their bike around the city and
they're in a park and it starts
to rain and so they're taking
shelter under a bridge.
A door suddenly opens under this
bridge.
And there is a king that
appears, and he comes out and
suddenly soldiers grab him and
take him back in the doorway.
And so the girl and the boy.
Umm.
Draw. They use their red and
purple markers to draw keys, and
they're able to open the doorway
back up and go through next.
So they come upon the king in a
boat being, you know, led away,
they're going next to this
castle, kind of in the the water
or moat that runs next to it.
And they're watching right now.
The king has left them a map of
sorts, and so they're looking at
the different areas that are
pointed out on this map.
They watch as other soldiers
come down through through the
water on small boats and
together.
They draw different things, so
the boy, it looks like, is
drawing.
A squid or octopus, maybe a sea
creature with the tentacles and
the girl is drawing scuba gear
and so they jump in the water
next.
So they're going underneath. It
looks like there's an
underwater.
City that they're going down
towards and the bird is also
with them, so the three of them
are riding on this kind of squid
that's taking them down.
They come down and they find.
A treasure in this underwater
area and and it looks like the
the guards have come down these
soldiers and they're underwater
as well and they spot them
taking something.
And so the girl and the boy
start going.
Up towards the surface of the
water to get away.
So they come out of the water
and they have found an island
with palm trees.
And the bird is with them and
they're taking off their scuba
gear and now they're drawing
something.
They together drawn a rhinoceros
and.
And kind of seat on top of it to
ride and they're going towards a
pyramid.
And so the bird is kind of
leading them and they come
across a walking bridge, so.
They're running over this
bridge. That is, they're going
to a light that this bridge is
over the sea.
So they get up to this light,
they climb up on the tower and
they can see that these soldiers
are still chasing after them.
And so again they're drawing
something else with their red
and purple markers.
So they've drawn a swing and a
giant dragonfly to carry them
off. And so the girl and the boy
and the purple bird are escaping
the soldiers again next.
They come across
another.
Area, and they're getting off of
the swing on top of kind of a
tower on a mountain, and they
can see that the soldiers are
still after them. They have
blimp ships, and they're coming
after them. And so the girl and
the boy have found a whole belt
full of markers. And so now they
have several different colors
They're still on this tower and
there are more and more soldiers
coming after them and they're
getting scared leaning on this
tower and the bird is is trying
to distract them.
But the soldiers are coming and
trying to grab all of them next.
So the bird has taken this belt
with all the colors, and there's
a rainbow going down to the
tower and through the sky, and
it's kind of knocking these
soldiers out of the way and
hitting there, their ships.
Their aircraft and knocking them
down next.
So this rainbow leads all the
way back to the ship that the
king is on.
From the mountain top down next
to the castle in the in the
water and the soldiers are being
knocked off the ship and the the
king is very happy and excited
next.
So now you can still see this
rainbow that's over this place
with the palace, and the king
is, is running along. He's
victorious. He's riding on the
rhinoceros with the girl and the
boy parading through the city.
So they reach the area where the
girl and boy have entered this
town and the king leads them
back to that original door. He
came through and it looks like
he is saying his goodbyes to the
girl and the boy, but he is
handed a crown to the little boy
that he has drawn to thank him.
And so now they're going back to
their own world with crowns.
And when they get
back under the bridge, they look
out and there's a rainbow that's
over their home city. #END_quest
And let me see what we have
next.
OK, we have a complex scene.
Hey, I'm gonna wait.
Going to share my screen.
OK, so this is just a complex
scene, so three to five minutes
to describe what you see.
#START_deep_sea_divers This is a
water scene. It looks like it is
at sea and there are boats at
the top of the water.
Underneath the water there is.
A scene with several fish and
people swimming and scuba diving
and mermaids.
All of the the boats on top are
striped so blue and white or
green or red and white.
The the boats have several
people on them.
Some of the people seem to be
fishing, some have gotten out to
swim.
And under.
Underneath there are a lot of
people and a lot of creatures.
It's a crowded area.
There are schools of fish and
there appears to be a large
whale shark.
There are kind of Nets where the
fishermen are trying to catch
something.
There is one fish that is
chasing a man. It's a large pink
fish and the fish is holding a
net trying to capture this
person. And there is.
A swordfish and you can tell at
the bottom of the sea there are
people kind of walking around on
the sand bed.
With.
Other different creatures.
There's coral, and there looks
to be a big green octopus and
another large Gray fish sitting
on the bottom.
Umm.
There are school of fish that
kind of make.
Shape. So one shape is of the
outline of a fish and the other
is a smiley face
That they have outlined. There
also are three arrows that they
have made.
Underneath the water.
And then several people.
I'm kind of going down. There's.
It looks like a few people that
have kind of harpooned a fish
and the fish is pulling them
underneath.
Looks like 5 people that are
trying to to get this fish.
Several
different colors, blue and
yellow and green and red fish
all around. #END_deep_sea_divers
I'm going to see what's next.
OK, another complex scene.
And I'll share my screen again.
OK.
#START_by_the_lake And so this
is a lake scene, so.
In the center of a picture is a
large Blue Lake, and it looks
like there's kind of a beach
that wraps around it.
On the beach there are a lot of
people. There's a volleyball
net, so there are people playing
that game. There's a little boat
that is docked there.
There are people flying a kite
and a lot of people, you know,
in the sand playing and playing
with a soccer ball.
There's someone riding
Riding the two wheeled.
Like scooter on there on the
beach there's a small dock.
And it looks like one person is
fishing, a couple of people just
standing or sitting, and then
this beach kind of leads to a
path to a cabin in the upper
right hand side.
And there are a couple of people
at the cabin, kind of on the
balcony, and then a group
outside overlooking the lake as
well. So in the lake there are
people swimming. Some have
flotation devices and like big
rafts or the circular rafts.
There's a couple in kayaks.
And in the middle of the lake
there is like a platform that
several people are standing on
and jumping from.
And then out further in the
lake, it looks like.
Boats are pulling skiers and one
group is they formed a large
pyramid that they're being
pulled by the boat and there's a
pair of sailors far out in the
distance.
To the left you can tell there's
a very like large castle and in
the background.
Mountains with snow tops on on
that.
But crowds of
people, it looks like everyone
is having fun on the lake. #END_by_the_lake
And.
There is another. The next one
is a complex scene.
OK oh wait, I need to.
Slideshow from beginning.
OK.
Here you go.
#START_unfriendly_giants And so
this scene has a lot of giants.
And and they are kind of you can
tell that the houses.
And hats are are very small
compared to these large giants.
And.
Towards the bottom of the scene
you can see people kind of
trying to run and get away from
the giants or fight them.
There's some with pitchforks and
the Giants are just kind of
slapping them away, and there's
a group of giants that are
playing chess using these people
as pieces.
There is another group of giants
at the bottom. It looks like
they have straws and they're
sucking the water sources up and
then spraying the people with
that.
And the people have.
Built like a A contraption to
kind of hammer one of the Giants
on the head so he is crying out.
Um.
Towards the middle.
It looks like they're trying to
kind of again, they've built
different towers to try to catch
the giants and hit them over the
head. And so one trap is a woman
that's built out of boards and
the giant is is taking her
flowers.
There's also one giant that's
trying to rope an entire crowd
of people towards the center.
And then at the top it looks
like they're kind of storming a
castle. There's a windmill that
the Giants are as tall as the
windmill and kind of spinning
that.
And there are people all over,
just kind of the small people
like running.
and trying to get away.
And there's another giant
towards the top that's like kind
of hovering over trees and
raising his fists. Some are
pulling something from from the
ground, it looks like.
And
One is
kind of climbing up a hill
towards the castle and one giant
in the middle has a belt and he
has three of the people in his
belt that he's wearing as he
walks. #END_unfriendly_giants
But sorry, no, you're fine.
OK.
Let me just make sure.
OK.